Before You Start
Note for Developers
The current user journey enables developers to register for a trial plan that provides access to a range of Standard Bank Platform APIs on Banking Hub.

Before you start integration, it is important to register on the Fiserv Developer Studio to test the Banking Hub APIs in the Sandbox environment. You may choose to test APIs using the Third-party API Testing Tools of your choice. However, registration is not required to learn about our APIs and reference documentation.

Register on Fiserv Developer Studio
This section describes the process to create an account and workspace on Fiserv Developer Studio to obtain credentials for sandbox testing.

Creating an Account
Perform the following steps to create an account on Fiserv Developer Studio:

From the top-right corner of the screen, click Create account
Populate the required fields and click Next
Follow the instructions on the screen to set up your account
Sign in to your Fiserv Developer Studio account once it is activated
Creating a Banking Hub Workspace
Workspaces are dedicated spaces for developers to obtain API key, API secret and product related details.

Perform the following steps to create a workspace on Fiserv Developer Studio:

Sign in to your Fiserv Developer Studio account

From the top-right corner of the screen, click Workspaces. My Workspace page displays

Note
All previously created workspaces are listed on the My workspaces page.

To create a new workspace, click the Add a new workspace button or click the Create a new workspace card. Create a workspace dialog box displays

Enter workspace name and description

From the Product drop-down list, select Banking Hub and click Create. A new workspace is created and three tabs of your workspace, namely Summary, Credentials and Settings are visible

Note
Currently, only one workspace can be created for Banking Hub. Also, the Trial Plan is available only for a shared Premier Sandbox Environment.

image

Every workspace has following three sections:

Summary: Displays workspace details and list of activities performed on the workspace

Credentials: Lists all active API keys. From this section, you can view or download the following details of an API key:

Product name: Name of the product, for example, Banking Hub

Org ID: Organization ID is required to send in all API requests under the Request Header

API key name: Name of the API key

API key type: Type of API key, for example, Trial

API key: Alphanumeric value of the API key. API key is used as username while generating the access token

API secret: Alphanumeric value of the API secret. API secret is used as password while generating the access token

Host URL: Host URL path to send API requests

image

Settings: Used to modify or delete the workspace


Generating Access Token
An access token is used to authenticate your API build and allows you to use the Fiserv APIs securely. API key and API secret values obtained from the Workspace are required to generate an access token.

Use the API mentioned below to generate an access token using Postman.

URL
POST https://cert.api.fiservapps.com/fts-apim/oauth2/v2 

Headers
Header Name	Description	Required
Authorization	
Base64 encoded string representing your username and password values, appended to the text Basic as follows:

 Basic  

Important: In Postman, use the Authorization tab to enter Username and Password values and set authentication type to Basic Auth. Use your API key as username and API secret as password.

Required
image

Request Body
From the Body tab, select the x-www-form-urlencoded radio button and enter the following key-value pair:

grant_type = client_credentials

image

Response
Field Name	Description	Type
access_token	Generated access token value	string
expires_in	
Time in milliseconds until the generated token is valid.

Note: Once generated, the access token is valid for approximately 15 minutes. You can reuse the access token until it expires.

number
token_type	Type of access token	string
Sample Response

{
    "access_token": "eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsImtpZCI6IjEiLCJwaS5hdG0iOiJhYXVxIn0.eyJzY29wZSI6IiIsImNsaWVudF9pZCI6ImdxNHpvZDB6Wng3NkVPTUtKQUlQUlJUZHJHOENWNGdJIiwiaXNzIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9mZGMtZmVkc3NvLWNhdC5maXJzdGRhdGEuY29",
    "expires_in": "899000",
    "token_type": "Bearer"
}
